---
layout: blog
tags: null
author: robert_harker
published: false
title:  "OpenSMC CodeAcross 2016 Press Release"
date:   2016-02-23 23:30:00
---

Redwood City, CA, February 23, 2015-- On Sunday, March 6th, OpenSMC will be hosting the San Mateo County CodeAcross Civic Hackathon.  This event is part of the fifth annual Code for America's CodeAcross -- an international weekend of locally held events. There are 50 + events being held in communities around the globe. Each event is unique, but all share the theme of “Let’s take the data beyond transparency” -- and focus on using data to enhance communities.

OpenSMC is the new Code for America San Mateo Count Brigade.  We are a local group of community-minded technologists, organizers, and volunteers joining together to work on Open Data, web and mobile apps to help the county's communities.

CodeAcross San Mateo County will debut the 1.0 release of OpenSMC's 2016 Free Flu clinic app on both android and ios.  The app displays local free flu clinics near you on your smart phone.  The app gives you dates, times, and location information in the palm of your hand.

OpenSMC' other projects include:
cycle-smc: An app to track bike rides to aid in bike route planning and upgrades.
openN11: Information about all of the services and locations of county/city services.
SMC inProgress: Rebranding Code for San Francisco's inProgress housing civic engagement app for San Mateo.
Adopt-a-drain: Rebranding Code for Boston's "Adopt a [drain, fire hydrant, street light] maintenance reporting app for San Mateo.

Come learn about Civic Hacking and public Open Data.  Check out OpenSMC's projects and people.  Find out what you can contribute.  Light refreshments provided.

WHO: OpenSMC CodeAcross 2016
WHEN: March 6th, 2016, 12:30 p.m. - 4:30 p.m.
WHERE: Redwood City Library
  2nd Floor Community Room
  1044 Middlefield Rd
  Redwood City, CA 94063
WHAT: San Mateo County's OpenSMC Code for America Brigade's "CodeAcross" afternoon of Civic Hacking.


About OpenSMC
Founded in 2016, OpenSMC (San Mateo County) is among the newest Code for America (CfA) Brigades.  Started as the SMC Civic Tech meetup group, OpenSMC has evolved into a dedicated community of technically minded volunteers working to bring 21st century solutions to 20th century government.  OpenSMC is interested in both hacking (coding) and publishing Open Data.  OpenSMC welcomes all age groups from millennials to baby boomers.

"Most modern apps require both coding to create the app, and Open Data to provide the information the apps displays.  OpenSMC volunteers are working on both."  Robert Harker, OpenSMC.

http://opensmc.org/events/codeacross

About Code for America
Founded in 2009, Code for America (CfA) is a national nonprofit that partners with local governments and citizens to foster civic innovation. By working to reinvigorate civic participation, accelerate the civic startup marketplace, facilitate collaboration between government leaders, and build new tools that enhance and strengthen communities, CfA is helping governments solve old problems in new ways. CfA is working towards a government by the people, for the people, that works in the 21st Century. For more information, watch Founder Jennifer Pahlka’s TED talk: codeforamerica.org/TED or go to codeforamerica.org.

http://codeforamerica.org/codeacross

